Docs for Immersive Intelligence mod (1.12.2) (#503)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/1.12/content/Mods/Immersive_Intelligence/CraftTweaker_Support/Rotary_Input.md

::requiredMod[Immersive Intelligence]{builtIn=true modLink=https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-intelligence}

# Rotary Input

> The `RotaryInput` package can be used to make a Tile Entity supported by II Transmission Box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RotaryInput` package can be used to make a Tile Entity supported by the Immersive Intelligence Transmission Box.
```

## Importing the Package

```zenscript
import mods.immersiveintelligence.RotaryInput;
```

## Adding Tile Entities

### Parameters

| Type   | Name      | Required |
|--------|-----------|----------|
| String | Classpath | Yes      |
| float  | Torque    | Yes      |

> For default torque values, check IIconfig file for `dynamo_windmill_torque` and `dynamo_watermill_torque`.  

Reviewer: I would like this to say something like "check the Immersive Intelligence config file", but if the file is called `IIconfig` then that is fine.

I just want it to be clear to users what they should be looking for.
